{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24
{\b SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK}\par
{\b COUNTY OF NEW YORK}\par
\par
JOHN DOE,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Plaintiff,\par
\par
\tab -against-\par
\par
ABC CORPORATION,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Defendant.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Index No. 54321/2024\par
\par
\par
{\b\fs28 NOTICE OF MOTION}\par
\par
\fs24 PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that upon the annexed affidavit of John Doe, sworn to on November 13, 2024, and the exhibits attached thereto, plaintiff will move this Court at 60 Centre Street, New York, New York, on December 1, 2024, at 9:30 a.m., or as soon thereafter as counsel can be heard, for an Order pursuant to CPLR 3212 granting plaintiff summary judgment on the issue of liability.\par
\par
{\b STATEMENT OF MATERIAL FACTS}\par
\par
\tab 1. Defendant ABC Corporation entered into a written contract with plaintiff on January 1, 2023.\par
\par
\tab 2. The contract required defendant to deliver 1,000 units of merchandise by March 1, 2023.\par
\par
\tab 3. Defendant failed to deliver any merchandise by the contract deadline.\par
\par
\tab 4. Plaintiff sent written notice of breach on March 15, 2023.\par
\par
\tab 5. Despite demand, defendant has failed to perform under the contract or provide any compensation to plaintiff.\par
\par
{\b ARGUMENT}\par
\par
{\b POINT I}\par
\par
{\b PLAINTIFF IS ENTITLED TO SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON LIABILITY}\par
\par
\tab Summary judgment is appropriate where there are no triable issues of material fact. The uncontroverted evidence establishes that defendant breached the parties\rquote contract by failing to deliver the merchandise as required. Defendant has offered no valid excuse or defense for its non-performance.\par
\par
\tab The written contract, attached as Exhibit A, clearly establishes the parties\rquote obligations. Defendant\rquote s failure to perform is not disputed. Accordingly, plaintiff is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.\par
\par
{\b CONCLUSION}\par
\par
\tab For the foregoing reasons, plaintiff respectfully requests that this Court grant summary judgment in plaintiff\rquote s favor on the issue of liability.\par
\par
Dated: New York, New York\par
\tab November 13, 2024\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab LEGAL FIRM LLP\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Attorneys for Plaintiff\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab 100 Broadway\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab New York, NY 10005\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab (212) 555-9876\par
}
